docs/NEXT_STEPS.md, before:

# Next Steps: Moraqmen WordPress Theme Sprint

## Current Status Summary
**Date:** Thursday, December 18, 2025, 6:00 PM EET  
**Sprint Timeline:** 4 Days (Dec 19-22, 2025)  
**Current Phase:** Pre-Sprint Preparation  

### What's Been Completed
✅ Repository transferred to Moraqmen-LLC organization  
✅ Comprehensive documentation created (README.md, HYBRID_MONOREPO_ARCHITECTURE.md)  
✅ Progress tracking system implemented (PROGRESS_TRACKER.md)  
✅ Development workflow documented  
✅ Team structure and responsibilities defined  

---

## Immediate Next Steps (Next 12 Hours - Tonight & Tomorrow Morning)

### 1. **PRE-SPRINT TEAM SYNC MEETING** [CRITICAL]
**Duration:** 1 hour  
**When:** Tomorrow morning (Dec 19, 2025, 9:00 AM EET)  
**Participants:** All team members  
**Agenda:**
- Review sprint timeline and daily goals
- Clarify block development specifications from Figma
- Assign specific block development tasks to team members
- Review development environment setup (Local by Flywheel)
- Establish daily standup schedule
- Review deployment strategy and rollback plans
- Q&A on any unclear requirements

### 2. **Environment Setup Verification** [URGENT]
**For Each Team Member:**
- [ ] Verify Local by Flywheel installation
- [ ] Clone moraqmen-wordpress-theme repository locally
- [ ] Install required npm dependencies
  ```bash
  npm install
  # Install Tailwind CSS
  npm install -D tailwindcss postcss autoprefixer
  ```
- [ ] Verify WordPress 6.x+ installation in Local
- [ ] Create .env file with local environment variables
- [ ] Test that wp-cli works properly
- [ ] Verify GitHub SSH key is configured
- [ ] Pull latest code from main branch

### 3. **Figma Design Review** [CRITICAL]
**Owner:** Design Lead / Block Developer  
**Task:**
- [ ] Access Figma design system for Moraqmen project
- [ ] Export/screenshot all block component designs:
  - Hero Block (1920x600px)
  - Feature Block (1920x400px)
  - CTA Block (1920x300px)
  - Testimonial Block (1920x500px)
  - Gallery Block (1920x600px)
- [ ] Document color palette from Figma
- [ ] Extract typography specifications
- [ ] Note responsive breakpoints (mobile/tablet/desktop)
- [ ] Create block specifications document with all design details
- [ ] Share findings with block developers

### 4. **Repository Configuration** [REQUIRED]
**Owner:** DevOps / Tech Lead  
**Tasks:**
- [ ] Verify GitHub branch protection rules (if needed)
- [ ] Test GitHub Actions CI/CD pipeline triggers
- [ ] Confirm webhook configurations
- [ ] Setup automated linting (PHP CodeSniffer, ESLint)
- [ ] Configure code coverage reporting
- [ ] Test commit and PR workflows

### 5. **Linear Issue Board Setup** [RECOMMENDED]
**Owner:** Project Manager  
**Tasks:**
- [ ] Create Linear project for sprint if not exists
- [ ] Create issues for each block development task
- [ ] Assign issues to responsible developers
- [ ] Set sprint dates and milestones
- [ ] Create daily standup automation if possible

---

## Tomorrow's Plan: Thursday December 19 (Sprint Day 1)

### Morning (9:00 AM - 12:00 PM)
1. **Team Sync Meeting** (9:00 AM - 10:00 AM)
   - Sprint kickoff
   - Task assignments
   - Technical discussion

2. **Block Structure Setup** (10:00 AM - 12:00 PM)
   - [ ] Create block folder structure:
     ```
     blocks/
     ├── hero/
     ├── feature/
     ├── cta/
     ├── testimonial/
     └── gallery/
     ```
   - [ ] Setup WordPress block scaffolding for each block
   - [ ] Configure webpack/build process
   - [ ] Create block.json files for each block

### Afternoon (12:00 PM - 5:00 PM)
3. **Hero Block Development** (12:00 PM - 5:00 PM)
   - [ ] Create Hero block component structure
   - [ ] Build HTML/JSX markup
   - [ ] Apply Tailwind CSS styling
   - [ ] Implement basic editor controls (text, button)
   - [ ] Create block preview
   - [ ] Initial testing in local environment

### Evening (5:00 PM - 6:00 PM)
4. **Daily Standup & Progress Update**
   - [ ] Update PROGRESS_TRACKER.md with daily progress
   - [ ] Commit code changes to repository
   - [ ] Review any blockers or issues
   - [ ] Plan adjustments for next day

---

## Friday's Plan: December 20 (Sprint Day 2)

### Morning
- [ ] Continue Hero block refinement
- [ ] Feature block development
- [ ] Create block previews in WordPress admin

### Afternoon
- [ ] Complete Feature block
- [ ] Begin theme.json configuration
- [ ] Test block rendering in Gutenberg editor

### Evening
- [ ] Daily progress update
- [ ] Code review and testing
- [ ] Commit work to repository

---

## Saturday's Plan: December 21 (Sprint Day 3)

### Morning
- [ ] CTA block development
- [ ] Testimonial block development
- [ ] Block integration testing

### Afternoon
- [ ] Gallery block development
- [ ] Theme integration with all blocks
- [ ] CSS refinement and responsive testing

### Evening
- [ ] Daily progress update
- [ ] Testing and bug fixes
- [ ] Code commits

---

## Sunday's Plan: December 22 (Sprint Day 4 - Final Day)

### Morning
- [ ] Final block refinement
- [ ] FSE setup and configuration
- [ ] Create template parts (header, footer)

### Afternoon
- [ ] Homepage template creation using blocks
- [ ] Full site testing
- [ ] Bug fixes and optimization
- [ ] Lighthouse performance testing

### Evening
- [ ] Final testing and QA
- [ ] Documentation completion
- [ ] Final code commits
- [ ] Sprint closure
- [ ] Team handoff meeting

---

## Critical Dependencies & Blockers to Monitor

### Dependencies
1. **Figma Design Access**
   - Status: TBD
   - Impact: CRITICAL - Cannot start block development without design specs
   - Action: Confirm access and design ready for export

2. **Local by Flywheel Environment**
   - Status: TBD
   - Impact: HIGH - Required for local development
   - Action: Team members must complete setup before Day 1

3. **WordPress 6.x FSE Support**
   - Status: TBD
   - Impact: HIGH - Required for full site editing
   - Action: Verify WordPress version in Local environment

4. **Tailwind CSS Configuration**
   - Status: TBD
   - Impact: MEDIUM - Required for styling
   - Action: Setup theme.json and tailwind.config.js before block development

5. **Team Member Availability**
   - Status: TBD
   - Impact: CRITICAL - 4-day sprint requires full commitment
   - Action: Confirm all team members are available Dec 19-22

### Potential Blockers
- Network/connectivity issues
- Environment setup complications
- Unclear design specifications
- Block complexity exceeding estimates
- Git/GitHub workflow issues

**Risk Mitigation:**
- Have pre-recorded Figma assets as backup
- Maintain shadow development environment
- Create block complexity assessment today
- Document common setup issues

---

## Documentation Tasks for Today

### Create These Documents Before Sprint Start
1. [ ] **docs/BLOCK_DEVELOPMENT_GUIDE.md**
   - Block folder structure standards
   - Block component template
   - Figma to code conversion workflow
   - Block testing procedures
   - Block registration & initialization

2. [ ] **docs/TEAM_ONBOARDING.md**
   - Quick start guide for new team members
   - Environment setup checklist
   - Useful commands and workflows
   - Troubleshooting common issues

3. [ ] **docs/DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md**
   - Pre-deployment testing
   - Deployment steps
   - Post-deployment verification
   - Rollback procedures

4. [ ] **docs/TESTING_STRATEGY.md**
   - Unit testing approach
   - Integration testing procedures
   - Accessibility testing (WCAG 2.1 AA)
   - Performance testing (Lighthouse)
   - Cross-browser testing checklist

---

## Technology Checklist (To Verify Today)

### Required Software
- [ ] Local by Flywheel (latest version)
- [ ] WordPress 6.x+ with FSE support
- [ ] Node.js 18+ with npm
- [ ] Git & GitHub SSH configured
- [ ] VSCode or preferred code editor
- [ ] Tailwind CSS
- [ ] React (for block interactivity)
- [ ] PHP 8.0+

### Development Tools
- [ ] ESLint for JavaScript linting
- [ ] PHP CodeSniffer for PHP linting
- [ ] Prettier for code formatting
- [ ] GitHub Copilot (optional but recommended)
- [ ] Figma (design reference)
- [ ] Linear (issue tracking)
- [ ] Perplexity (AI research assistant)

---

## Daily Standup Template

**Time:** 5:00 PM EET (daily)  
**Duration:** 15 minutes  
**Format:**

```
**What did you accomplish today?**
- Task 1: Status
- Task 2: Status

**What are you working on tomorrow?**
- Task 1
- Task 2

**Any blockers or issues?**
- Issue 1 & mitigation
- Issue 2 & mitigation

**Code Status:**
- Pull requests: [count]
- Code committed: [files]
- Tests passing: [yes/no]
```

---

## Success Metrics to Track

### Daily Targets
- **Day 1 (Dec 19):** Hero block foundation + setup
- **Day 2 (Dec 20):** Hero + Feature blocks complete
- **Day 3 (Dec 21):** 5 core blocks complete + theme integration
- **Day 4 (Dec 22):** All blocks + FSE + deployment

### Quality Gates
- [ ] Zero console errors on all blocks
- [ ] >90 Lighthouse performance score
- [ ] 100% responsive design validation
- [ ] All blocks render in editor & frontend
- [ ] No broken Git workflow
- [ ] Documentation up to date

---

## Communication Plan

### Daily Updates
- **Morning:** Check Linear issues and team messages
- **Noon:** Brief sync if needed
- **Evening:** Standup meeting (5 PM EET)
- **Night:** Document progress in PROGRESS_TRACKER.md

### Escalation Path
1. Team lead or tech lead (first escalation)
2. Project manager (timeline/scope issues)
3. Stakeholders (if sprint at risk)

---

## Post-Sprint Activities (Dec 23+)

### Immediate
- [ ] Sprint retrospective meeting
- [ ] Document lessons learned
- [ ] Update documentation with final notes
- [ ] Prepare for production deployment

### Follow-up
- [ ] Monitor production for issues
- [ ] Address any bug reports
- [ ] Optimize performance based on real usage
- [ ] Plan Phase 2 enhancements

---

## Critical Reminders

⚠️ **DO NOT SKIP:**
1. Pre-sprint team meeting tomorrow morning
2. Environment setup verification
3. Figma design review and documentation
4. Daily progress updates in PROGRESS_TRACKER.md
5. Code commits after each major task
6. Final QA testing on Sunday

⚠️ **IMPORTANT NOTES:**
- This is a 4-day sprint - no days off
- Daily standups are mandatory for coordination
- Git workflow must be followed strictly
- All code must be reviewed before merging
- Documentation updates are required daily
- Testing is not optional - integrate throughout

---

## Last Minute Checklist (Before Sprint Starts Tomorrow)

### For Each Team Member
- [ ] Confirm availability Dec 19-22
- [ ] Complete environment setup
- [ ] Review README.md and HYBRID_MONOREPO_ARCHITECTURE.md
- [ ] Test Local by Flywheel setup
- [ ] Verify GitHub SSH access
- [ ] Familiarize with Linear board
- [ ] Have Figma access confirmed
- [ ] Prepare questions for kickoff meeting

### For Tech Lead
- [ ] Verify CI/CD pipeline is working
- [ ] Test GitHub workflows
- [ ] Confirm all dependencies are installable
- [ ] Create block scaffolding template
- [ ] Verify Tailwind CSS configuration
- [ ] Setup Local environment template

### For Project Manager
- [ ] Confirm team member availability
- [ ] Setup Linear board and issues
- [ ] Create daily standup schedule
- [ ] Prepare standup meeting room/link
- [ ] Have backup communication channels ready

---

## Document Version Control

**Created:** December 18, 2025, 6:00 PM EET  
**Last Updated:** December 18, 2025, 6:00 PM EET  
**Status:** Ready for Sprint Kickoff  
**Next Review:** Tomorrow morning (Dec 19, 9:00 AM EET)  

---

## Approvals & Sign-off

- [ ] Tech Lead approval
- [ ] Project Manager approval
- [ ] Team Lead approval
- [ ] Stakeholder confirmation

---

## Reference Documents

- [PROGRESS_TRACKER.md](./PROGRESS_TRACKER.md) - Daily progress tracking
- [README.md](../README.md) - Project overview & setup
- [HYBRID_MONOREPO_ARCHITECTURE.md](./HYBRID_MONOREPO_ARCHITECTURE.md) - Architecture guide
- Linear Project Board - Issue tracking
- Figma Design System - Design reference

---

*This document serves as the action plan for the 4-day sprint. Update daily and adjust as needed based on progress and discoveries.*

Commit message:

fix: Remove npm instructions from theme environment setup
- Removed npm installation steps from theme environment setup
- Added Moraqmen-Blocks plugin installation as mu-plugin dependency
- Clarified that theme repo uses blocks from moraqmen-wp-blocks plugin
- Theme developers no longer need npm/Tailwind configuration
- Aligns with repository separation architecture

docs/NEXT_STEPS.md, after:

# Next Steps: Moraqmen WordPress Theme Sprint

## Current Status Summary
**Date:** Thursday, December 18, 2025, 6:00 PM EET  
**Sprint Timeline:** 4 Days (Dec 19-22, 2025)  
**Current Phase:** Pre-Sprint Preparation  

### What's Been Completed
✅ Repository transferred to Moraqmen-LLC organization  
✅ Comprehensive documentation created (README.md, HYBRID_MONOREPO_ARCHITECTURE.md)  
✅ Progress tracking system implemented (PROGRESS_TRACKER.md)  
✅ Development workflow documented  
✅ Team structure and responsibilities defined  

---

## Immediate Next Steps (Next 12 Hours - Tonight & Tomorrow Morning)

### 1. **PRE-SPRINT TEAM SYNC MEETING** [CRITICAL]
**Duration:** 1 hour  
**When:** Tomorrow morning (Dec 19, 2025, 9:00 AM EET)  
**Participants:** All team members  
**Agenda:**
- Review sprint timeline and daily goals
- Clarify block development specifications from Figma
- Assign specific block development tasks to team members
- Review development environment setup (Local by Flywheel)
- Establish daily standup schedule
- Review deployment strategy and rollback plans
- Q&A on any unclear requirements

### 2. **Environment Setup Verification** [URGENT]
**For Each Team Member:**
- [ ] Verify Local by Flywheel installation
- [ ] Clone moraqmen-wordpress-theme repository locally

- [ ] - [ ] Install Moraqmen-Blocks plugin as mu-plugin dependency
- [ ] - [ ] Verify WordPress 6.x+ installation in Local
- [ ] - [ ] Create .env file with local environment variables
- [ ] - [ ] Test that wp-cli works properly
- [ ] - [ ] Verify GitHub SSH key is configured
- [ ] - [ ] Pull latest code from main branch
  

### 3. **Figma Design Review** [CRITICAL]
**Owner:** Design Lead / Block Developer  
**Task:**
- [ ] Access Figma design system for Moraqmen project
- [ ] Export/screenshot all block component designs:
  - Hero Block (1920x600px)
  - Feature Block (1920x400px)
  - CTA Block (1920x300px)
  - Testimonial Block (1920x500px)
  - Gallery Block (1920x600px)
- [ ] Document color palette from Figma
- [ ] Extract typography specifications
- [ ] Note responsive breakpoints (mobile/tablet/desktop)
- [ ] Create block specifications document with all design details
- [ ] Share findings with block developers

### 4. **Repository Configuration** [REQUIRED]
**Owner:** DevOps / Tech Lead  
**Tasks:**
- [ ] Verify GitHub branch protection rules (if needed)
- [ ] Test GitHub Actions CI/CD pipeline triggers
- [ ] Confirm webhook configurations
- [ ] Setup automated linting (PHP CodeSniffer, ESLint)
- [ ] Configure code coverage reporting
- [ ] Test commit and PR workflows

### 5. **Linear Issue Board Setup** [RECOMMENDED]
**Owner:** Project Manager  
**Tasks:**
- [ ] Create Linear project for sprint if not exists
- [ ] Create issues for each block development task
- [ ] Assign issues to responsible developers
- [ ] Set sprint dates and milestones
- [ ] Create daily standup automation if possible

---

## Tomorrow's Plan: Thursday December 19 (Sprint Day 1)

### Morning (9:00 AM - 12:00 PM)
1. **Team Sync Meeting** (9:00 AM - 10:00 AM)
   - Sprint kickoff
   - Task assignments
   - Technical discussion

2. **Block Structure Setup** (10:00 AM - 12:00 PM)
   - [ ] Create block folder structure:
     ```
     blocks/
     ├── hero/
     ├── feature/
     ├── cta/
     ├── testimonial/
     └── gallery/
     ```
   - [ ] Setup WordPress block scaffolding for each block
   - [ ] Configure webpack/build process
   - [ ] Create block.json files for each block

### Afternoon (12:00 PM - 5:00 PM)
3. **Hero Block Development** (12:00 PM - 5:00 PM)
   - [ ] Create Hero block component structure
   - [ ] Build HTML/JSX markup
   - [ ] Apply Tailwind CSS styling
   - [ ] Implement basic editor controls (text, button)
   - [ ] Create block preview
   - [ ] Initial testing in local environment

### Evening (5:00 PM - 6:00 PM)
4. **Daily Standup & Progress Update**
   - [ ] Update PROGRESS_TRACKER.md with daily progress
   - [ ] Commit code changes to repository
   - [ ] Review any blockers or issues
   - [ ] Plan adjustments for next day

---

## Friday's Plan: December 20 (Sprint Day 2)

### Morning
- [ ] Continue Hero block refinement
- [ ] Feature block development
- [ ] Create block previews in WordPress admin

### Afternoon
- [ ] Complete Feature block
- [ ] Begin theme.json configuration
- [ ] Test block rendering in Gutenberg editor

### Evening
- [ ] Daily progress update
- [ ] Code review and testing
- [ ] Commit work to repository

---

## Saturday's Plan: December 21 (Sprint Day 3)

### Morning
- [ ] CTA block development
- [ ] Testimonial block development
- [ ] Block integration testing

### Afternoon
- [ ] Gallery block development
- [ ] Theme integration with all blocks
- [ ] CSS refinement and responsive testing

### Evening
- [ ] Daily progress update
- [ ] Testing and bug fixes
- [ ] Code commits

---

## Sunday's Plan: December 22 (Sprint Day 4 - Final Day)

### Morning
- [ ] Final block refinement
- [ ] FSE setup and configuration
- [ ] Create template parts (header, footer)

### Afternoon
- [ ] Homepage template creation using blocks
- [ ] Full site testing
- [ ] Bug fixes and optimization
- [ ] Lighthouse performance testing

### Evening
- [ ] Final testing and QA
- [ ] Documentation completion
- [ ] Final code commits
- [ ] Sprint closure
- [ ] Team handoff meeting

---

## Critical Dependencies & Blockers to Monitor

### Dependencies
1. **Figma Design Access**
   - Status: TBD
   - Impact: CRITICAL - Cannot start block development without design specs
   - Action: Confirm access and design ready for export

2. **Local by Flywheel Environment**
   - Status: TBD
   - Impact: HIGH - Required for local development
   - Action: Team members must complete setup before Day 1

3. **WordPress 6.x FSE Support**
   - Status: TBD
   - Impact: HIGH - Required for full site editing
   - Action: Verify WordPress version in Local environment

4. **Tailwind CSS Configuration**
   - Status: TBD
   - Impact: MEDIUM - Required for styling
   - Action: Setup theme.json and tailwind.config.js before block development

5. **Team Member Availability**
   - Status: TBD
   - Impact: CRITICAL - 4-day sprint requires full commitment
   - Action: Confirm all team members are available Dec 19-22

### Potential Blockers
- Network/connectivity issues
- Environment setup complications
- Unclear design specifications
- Block complexity exceeding estimates
- Git/GitHub workflow issues

**Risk Mitigation:**
- Have pre-recorded Figma assets as backup
- Maintain shadow development environment
- Create block complexity assessment today
- Document common setup issues

---

## Documentation Tasks for Today

### Create These Documents Before Sprint Start
1. [ ] **docs/BLOCK_DEVELOPMENT_GUIDE.md**
   - Block folder structure standards
   - Block component template
   - Figma to code conversion workflow
   - Block testing procedures
   - Block registration & initialization

2. [ ] **docs/TEAM_ONBOARDING.md**
   - Quick start guide for new team members
   - Environment setup checklist
   - Useful commands and workflows
   - Troubleshooting common issues

3. [ ] **docs/DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md**
   - Pre-deployment testing
   - Deployment steps
   - Post-deployment verification
   - Rollback procedures

4. [ ] **docs/TESTING_STRATEGY.md**
   - Unit testing approach
   - Integration testing procedures
   - Accessibility testing (WCAG 2.1 AA)
   - Performance testing (Lighthouse)
   - Cross-browser testing checklist

---

## Technology Checklist (To Verify Today)

### Required Software
- [ ] Local by Flywheel (latest version)
- [ ] WordPress 6.x+ with FSE support
- [ ] Node.js 18+ with npm
- [ ] Git & GitHub SSH configured
- [ ] VSCode or preferred code editor
- [ ] Tailwind CSS
- [ ] React (for block interactivity)
- [ ] PHP 8.0+

### Development Tools
- [ ] ESLint for JavaScript linting
- [ ] PHP CodeSniffer for PHP linting
- [ ] Prettier for code formatting
- [ ] GitHub Copilot (optional but recommended)
- [ ] Figma (design reference)
- [ ] Linear (issue tracking)
- [ ] Perplexity (AI research assistant)

---

## Daily Standup Template

**Time:** 5:00 PM EET (daily)  
**Duration:** 15 minutes  
**Format:**

```
**What did you accomplish today?**
- Task 1: Status
- Task 2: Status

**What are you working on tomorrow?**
- Task 1
- Task 2

**Any blockers or issues?**
- Issue 1 & mitigation
- Issue 2 & mitigation

**Code Status:**
- Pull requests: [count]
- Code committed: [files]
- Tests passing: [yes/no]
```

---

## Success Metrics to Track

### Daily Targets
- **Day 1 (Dec 19):** Hero block foundation + setup
- **Day 2 (Dec 20):** Hero + Feature blocks complete
- **Day 3 (Dec 21):** 5 core blocks complete + theme integration
- **Day 4 (Dec 22):** All blocks + FSE + deployment

### Quality Gates
- [ ] Zero console errors on all blocks
- [ ] >90 Lighthouse performance score
- [ ] 100% responsive design validation
- [ ] All blocks render in editor & frontend
- [ ] No broken Git workflow
- [ ] Documentation up to date

---

## Communication Plan

### Daily Updates
- **Morning:** Check Linear issues and team messages
- **Noon:** Brief sync if needed
- **Evening:** Standup meeting (5 PM EET)
- **Night:** Document progress in PROGRESS_TRACKER.md

### Escalation Path
1. Team lead or tech lead (first escalation)
2. Project manager (timeline/scope issues)
3. Stakeholders (if sprint at risk)

---

## Post-Sprint Activities (Dec 23+)

### Immediate
- [ ] Sprint retrospective meeting
- [ ] Document lessons learned
- [ ] Update documentation with final notes
- [ ] Prepare for production deployment

### Follow-up
- [ ] Monitor production for issues
- [ ] Address any bug reports
- [ ] Optimize performance based on real usage
- [ ] Plan Phase 2 enhancements

---

## Critical Reminders

⚠️ **DO NOT SKIP:**
1. Pre-sprint team meeting tomorrow morning
2. Environment setup verification
3. Figma design review and documentation
4. Daily progress updates in PROGRESS_TRACKER.md
5. Code commits after each major task
6. Final QA testing on Sunday

⚠️ **IMPORTANT NOTES:**
- This is a 4-day sprint - no days off
- Daily standups are mandatory for coordination
- Git workflow must be followed strictly
- All code must be reviewed before merging
- Documentation updates are required daily
- Testing is not optional - integrate throughout

---

## Last Minute Checklist (Before Sprint Starts Tomorrow)

### For Each Team Member
- [ ] Confirm availability Dec 19-22
- [ ] Complete environment setup
- [ ] Review README.md and HYBRID_MONOREPO_ARCHITECTURE.md
- [ ] Test Local by Flywheel setup
- [ ] Verify GitHub SSH access
- [ ] Familiarize with Linear board
- [ ] Have Figma access confirmed
- [ ] Prepare questions for kickoff meeting

### For Tech Lead
- [ ] Verify CI/CD pipeline is working
- [ ] Test GitHub workflows
- [ ] Confirm all dependencies are installable
- [ ] Create block scaffolding template
- [ ] Verify Tailwind CSS configuration
- [ ] Setup Local environment template

### For Project Manager
- [ ] Confirm team member availability
- [ ] Setup Linear board and issues
- [ ] Create daily standup schedule
- [ ] Prepare standup meeting room/link
- [ ] Have backup communication channels ready

---

## Document Version Control

**Created:** December 18, 2025, 6:00 PM EET  
**Last Updated:** December 18, 2025, 6:00 PM EET  
**Status:** Ready for Sprint Kickoff  
**Next Review:** Tomorrow morning (Dec 19, 9:00 AM EET)  

---

## Approvals & Sign-off

- [ ] Tech Lead approval
- [ ] Project Manager approval
- [ ] Team Lead approval
- [ ] Stakeholder confirmation

---

## Reference Documents

- [PROGRESS_TRACKER.md](./PROGRESS_TRACKER.md) - Daily progress tracking
- [README.md](../README.md) - Project overview & setup
- [HYBRID_MONOREPO_ARCHITECTURE.md](./HYBRID_MONOREPO_ARCHITECTURE.md) - Architecture guide
- Linear Project Board - Issue tracking
- Figma Design System - Design reference

---

*This document serves as the action plan for the 4-day sprint. Update daily and adjust as needed based on progress and discoveries.*
